Mobile Application Terms, Conditions, and Notices

Last Revised On: September 15, 2015

Terms used in this Agreement

The terms "we", "us", "our" and "Trotter Travel" refer to Trotter Travel LLC, a New Jersey Limited Liability Company, and its subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, (collectively the “Trotter Travel Companies”). The term "you" refers to the customer visiting the Mobile Application and/or booking a reservation through us on this Mobile Application, or through our customer service agents.

Purpose of this Mobile Application

This Mobile Application is provided solely to assist you to gather travel information, determine the availability of travel-related goods and services, make legitimate reservations or otherwise transact business with travel suppliers, and for no other purposes.

This Mobile Application (“Mobile Application”) is offered to you conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions, and notices set forth below (collectively, the "Terms of Use” or “Agreement"). Please read the Terms of Use carefully, as they contain important information about limitations of liability and resolution of disputes through arbitration rather than in court. You should also read our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of the Mobile Application. By accessing or using this Mobile Application, booking any reservations for travel products or services on this Mobile Application, or contacting our call center agents, you agree that the Terms of Use then in force shall apply. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, please do not use or book any reservations through this Mobile Application or our call center agents.

Use of the Mobile Application

As a condition of your use of this Mobile Application, you warrant that

you are at least 18 years of age;
you possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation;
you will use this Mobile Application in accordance with these Terms of Use;
you will only use this Mobile Application to make legitimate reservations for you or for another person for whom you are legally authorized to act;
you will inform such other persons about the Terms of Use that apply to the reservations you have made on their behalf, including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto;
all information supplied by you on this Mobile Application is true, accurate, current and complete; and
We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to this Mobile Application and the services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of these Terms of Use.

DISPUTES

Trotter is committed to customer satisfaction, so if you have a problem or dispute, we will try to resolve your concerns. But if we are unsuccessful, you may pursue claims as explained in this section.

You agree to give us an opportunity to resolve any disputes or claims relating in any way to the Mobile Application, any dealings with our customer service agents, any services or products provided, any representations made by us, or our Privacy Policy (“Claims”) by contacting Customer Support. If we are not able to resolve your Claims within 60 days, you may seek relief through arbitration or in small claims court, as set forth below.

Any and all Claims will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except you may assert Claims on an individual basis in small claims court if they qualify. This includes any Claims you assert against us, our subsidiaries, travel suppliers or any companies offering products or services through us (which are beneficiaries of this arbitration agreement). This also includes any Claims that arose before you accepted these Terms of Use, regardless of whether prior versions of the Terms of Use required arbitration.

There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including statutory damages, attorneys’ fees and costs), and must follow and enforce these Terms of Use as a court would.

Arbitrations will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA Consumer Rules. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, except as provided in this section. If your total Claims seek less than $10,000, we will reimburse you for filing fees you pay to the AAA and will pay arbitrator’s fees, unless the arbitrator determines your Claims are frivolous. You may choose to have an arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the state where you live or at another mutually agreed location.

Any and all proceedings to resolve Claims will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a Claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. An arbitration decision may be confirmed by any court with competent jurisdiction.

Prohibited Activities

The content and information on this Mobile Application (including, but not limited to, price and availability of travel services), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, are proprietary to us or our suppliers and providers. While you may make limited copies of your travel itinerary (and related documents) for travel or service reservations booked through this Mobile Application, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from or through this Mobile Application. Additionally, you agree not to:

use this Mobile Application or its contents for any commercial purpose;
make any speculative, false, or fraudulent reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand;
access, monitor or copy any content or information of this Mobile Application using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;
violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Mobile Application or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Mobile Application;
take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
deep-link to any portion of this Mobile Application (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any travel services) for any purpose without our express written permission; or
"frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of this Mobile Application into any other website without our prior written authorization.
If your booking or account shows signs of fraud, abuse or suspicious activity, we may cancel any travel or service reservations associated with your name, email address or account, and close any associated Trotter Travel accounts. In addition, we may verify (i.e. preauthorize) your credit card. If you have conducted any fraudulent activity, Trotter Travel reserves the right to take any necessary legal action and you may be liable for monetary losses to Trotter Travel, including litigation costs and damages. To contest the cancellation of a booking or freezing or closure of an account, please contact Trotter Travel Customer Service.

Supplier Rules and Restrictions

Additional terms and conditions will apply to your reservation and purchase of travel-related goods and services that you select. Please read these additional terms and conditions carefully. You agree to abide by the terms and conditions of purchase imposed by any supplier with whom you elect to deal, including, but not limited to, payment of all amounts when due and compliance with the supplier's rules and restrictions regarding availability and use of fares, products, or services. We reserve the right to cancel your booking if full payment is not received in a timely fashion.

Some hotel suppliers may require you to present a credit card or cash deposit upon check-in to cover additional expenses incurred during your stay. Such deposit is unrelated to any payment received by us for your hotel booking.

Trotter Travel is not liable for any costs incurred due to relocation.

You acknowledge that some suppliers offering certain services and/or activities may require you to sign their liability waiver prior to participating in the service and/or activity they offer. You understand that any violation of any such supplier's rules and restrictions may result in cancellation of your reservation(s), in your being denied access to the applicable travel product or services, in your forfeiting any monies paid for such reservation(s), and/or in our debiting your account for any costs we incur as a result of such violation.

Privacy Policy

Please review our current Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of this Mobile Application, to understand our practices.

Reviews, Comments, Photos and Other Submissions

We appreciate hearing from you. Please be aware that by submitting content to this Mobile Application by electronic mail, postings on this Mobile Application or otherwise, including any hotel reviews, photos, videos, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like contained in any submissions (collectively, "Submissions"), you grant the Trotter Travel Companies and the affiliated, co-branded and/or linked website partners through whom we provide service (collectively, the "Trotter Travel Affiliates"), a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and perform such Submissions throughout the world in any media, now known or hereafter devised; and (b) use the name that you submit in connection with such Submission. You acknowledge that the Trotter Travel Companies may choose to provide attribution of your comments or reviews (for example, listing your name and hometown on a hotel review that you submit) at our discretion, and that such submissions may be shared with our supplier partners. You further grant the Trotter Travel Companies the right to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or the Trotter Travel Companies' rights in the Submissions by a breach of these Terms of Use. You acknowledge and agree that Submissions are non-confidential and non-proprietary. You expressly waive any and all ‘moral rights’ (including rights of attribution or integrity) that may subsist in your Submissions and agree that you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion or exploitation of your Submissions by us, the Trotter Travel Affiliates or any of our partners or licensees. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Submissions posted or submitted by you. We have no obligation to post your comments; we reserve the right in our absolute discretion to determine which comments are published on the Mobile Application. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not provide us with any Submissions.

You are fully responsible for the content of your Submissions, (specifically including, but not limited to, reviews posted to this Mobile Application). You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Mobile Application: (i) any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material or content that would violate rights of publicity and/or privacy or that would violate any law; (ii) any commercial material or content (including, but not limited to, solicitation of funds, advertising, or marketing of any good or services); and (iii) any material or content that infringes, misappropriates or violates any copyright, trademark, patent right or other proprietary right of any third party. You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any other harm resulting from your posting of content to this Mobile Application. You acknowledge that Trotter Travel may exercise its rights (e.g. use, publish, delete) to any content you submit without notice to you. If you submit more than one review for the same hotel, only your most recent submission is eligible for use.

From time to time we may offer customers incentives to leave reviews (e.g. discount coupon/entry into prize draws etc.)As it is important to us that reviews are impartial and honest, these incentives will be available to customers regardless of whether the hotel review is positive or negative.

All photos submitted are subject to our Photo Submission Guidelines below. Trotter Travel claims no ownership, affiliation with, or endorsement of any photos that are submitted by end users through our sites.

Trotter Travel's policies with respect to claims by third parties that the content of the Mobile Application, including the content of any Submissions, infringes the copyrights owned by said third party can be found in the Claims of Copyright Infringement section below.

Photo Submission Guidelines

Any photos you submit must be:

On topic – All photos must be relevant to accommodation, restaurant, location, or general travel experiences.
Community/family friendly –
Do not submit any photos or materials that are illegal, obscene, pornographic, profane, vulgar, offensive or insulting.
Do not submit photos or materials that invade the privacy or violate any personal right of any person or entity.
Do not submit photos or information about children or any third parties without their consent (or their parent’s consent in the case of a child under 13 years of age).
Children under 13 may not submit photos or other materials.
Original – You may only submit your own photos. Do not submit photos from any other source (personal or commercial). Do not submit photos that infringe the copyright, trademark, or other property right of any third party.
Non-commercial – Do not submit photos that include logos, branding, promotional material, or any other content intended for commercial purposes.
No harmful files – Do not submit photos that contain viruses or other harmful code that is either intended or may result in damage to the computers and systems of Trotter Travel and/or those using it.
Prices

You acknowledge that the authorities in certain countries may impose certain additional taxes (tourist tax, etc), which have to be paid locally. You are exclusively responsible for paying such additional taxes.

You acknowledge that, except as provided below with respect to tax obligations on the amount we retain for our services, we do not collect taxes for remittance to applicable taxing authorities. The hotel suppliers invoice us for certain charges, including, where appropriate, tax amounts. The hotel suppliers remit the applicable taxes to the applicable taxing jurisdictions. The tax recovery charges which we charge you on prepaid hotel transactions represent the estimated taxes (e.g. sales and use, occupancy, room tax, excise tax, value added tax, etc) that we pay to the hotel supplier for taxes due on the rental of the room. They do not represent a collection of taxes from you for us to remit to the applicable tax authorities. The actual tax amounts paid by us to the hotel suppliers may vary from the tax recovery charge amounts, depending upon the rates, taxability, etc. in effect at the time of the actual use of the hotel by our customers. We retain our service fees as compensation in servicing your travel reservation. Our service fees vary based on the amount and type of hotel reservation.

Trotter Travel does not act as co-vendor with the supplier with whom we book or reserve our customer's travel arrangements. Taxability and the appropriate tax rate vary greatly by location.

Sales, use and/or local hotel occupancy taxes are imposed on the amounts that we charge for our services (facilitation fee and/or service fee) in certain jurisdictions. For hotel stays in New York State, but outside of New York City, for example, tax recovery charges, as described above, are collected to cover the taxes due on the rent received by the hotel for the room and there is no local hotel occupancy tax due on our services. The actual tax amounts on our services may vary depending on the rates in effect at the time of your hotel stay.

Prepaid Hotel Reservations

Trotter Travel’s corporate affiliates pre-negotiate certain room rates with hotels to facilitate the booking of reservations on your behalf. You also acknowledge that Trotter Travel provides you services to facilitate such booking of reservations for a consideration (the “facilitation fee.”) You authorize Trotter Travel to book reservations for the total reservation price, which includes the room rate displayed on the Mobile Application, plus tax recovery charges and service fees. You agree that your credit card will be charged for the total reservation price by Travel Partner Exchange or another member of the Trotter Travel Companies doing business as Trotter Travel.

You may cancel or change your prepaid hotel reservation, but you will be charged the cancellation or change fee indicated in the rules and restrictions for the hotel reservation. If you do not cancel or change your reservation before the cancellation policy period applicable to the hotel you reserved, which varies by hotel (usually 24 to 72 hours) prior to your date of arrival, you will be subject to a charge equal to applicable nightly rates, tax recovery charges and service fees. In the event you do not show for the first night of the reservation and plan to check-in for subsequent nights in your reservation, you must confirm the reservation changes with us no later than the date of the first night of the reservation to prevent cancellation of your reservation. You agree to pay any cancellation or change fees that you incur. In limited cases, some reservations cannot be changed or cancelled after they are made, as indicated in the rules and restrictions for the hotel reservation. You agree to abide by the terms and conditions imposed with respect to your prepaid hotel reservations.

You may not book reservations for more than 8 rooms online for the same hotel/stay dates. If we determine that you have booked reservations for more than 8 rooms in total in separate reservations, we may cancel your reservations, and charge you a cancellation fee, if applicable. If you paid a non-refundable deposit, your deposit will be forfeited. If you wish to book reservations for 9 or more rooms, you must contact our group travel specialists by phone at (800) 916-3290 or by filling out the group travel form online. One of our group travel specialists will research your request and contact you to complete your reservation. You may be asked to sign a written contract and/or pay a nonrefundable deposit.

Pay Now or Pay Later Details

With certain hotels, you may be presented with the option to pay online now or pay later at the hotel. If you select the “Pay Online Now” option, Trotter Travel will charge the amount to your credit card in US dollars immediately. If you select “Pay Later at the Hotel”, the hotel will charge your credit card in the local currency at the time of your stay. Please note that taxes and fees vary between the two payment options. Tax rates and foreign exchange rates could change in the time between booking and stay. Trotter Travel coupons may only be applied to "Pay Online Now" bookings.

International Travel

You are responsible for ensuring that you meet foreign entry requirements and that your travel documents, such as passports and visas (transit, business, tourist, and otherwise), are in order and any other foreign entry requirements are met. Trotter Travel has no special knowledge regarding foreign entry requirements or travel documents. We urge customers to review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements, and advisories issued by the relevant governments prior to booking travel to international destinations.

Passport and Visa: You must consult the relevant Embassy or Consulate for this information. Requirements may change and you should check for up-to-date information before booking and departure. We accept no liability if you are refused entry onto a flight or into any country due to your failure to carry the correct and adequate passport, visa, or other travel documents required by any airline, authority, or country, including countries you may just be transiting through. This includes all stops made by the aircraft, even if you do not leave the aircraft or airport.

Health: Recommended inoculations for travel may change and you should consult your doctor for current recommendations before you depart. It is your responsibility to ensure that you meet all health entry requirements, obtain the recommended inoculations, take all recommended medication, and follow all medical advice in relation to your trip.

Disinsection: Although not common, most countries reserve the right to disinsect aircraft if there is a perceived threat to public health, agriculture or environment. The World Health Organization and the International Civil Aviation Organization have approved the following disinsection procedures: (1) spray the aircraft cabin with an aerosolized insecticide while passengers are on board or (2) treat the aircraft's interior surfaces with a residual insecticide while passengers are not on board. For more information, see: http://ostpxweb.dot.gov/policy/safetyenergyenv/disinsection.htm

BY OFFERING RESERVATIONS FOR TRAVEL PRODUCTS IN PARTICULAR INTERNATIONAL DESTINATIONS, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO SUCH AREAS IS ADVISABLE OR WITHOUT RISK, AND ARE NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TRAVEL TO SUCH DESTINATIONS.

Liability Disclaimer

The Information, Software, Products and Services published on this Mobile Application may include inaccuracies or errors, including pricing errors. In particular, the Trotter Travel Companies and the Trotter Travel Affiliates do not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim all liability for any errors or other inaccuracies relating to the information and description of the hotel, air, cruise, car and other travel products and services displayed on this Mobile Application (including, without limitation, the pricing, photographs, list of hotel amenities, general product descriptions, etc.). In addition, we expressly reserve the right to correct any pricing errors on our Mobile Application and/or pending reservations made under an incorrect price. In such event, if available, we will offer you the opportunity to keep your pending reservation at the correct price or we will cancel your reservation without penalty.

Hotel ratings displayed on this Mobile Application are intended as only general guidelines, and the Trotter Travel Companies and the Trotter Travel Affiliates do not guarantee the accuracy of the ratings. The Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates, and their respective suppliers make no guarantees about the availability of specific products and services. The Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates and their respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes on the Mobile Application at any time.

The Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates and their respective suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information, software, products and services contained on this Mobile Application for any purpose, and the inclusion or offering of any products or services on this Mobile Application does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of such products or services by the Trotter Travel Companies or the Trotter Travel Affiliates. All such information, software products, and services are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. The Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates and their respective suppliers disclaim all warranties and conditions that this Mobile Application, its servers or any email sent from the Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates and/or their respective suppliers are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates and their respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products and services, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular response, title and non-infringement.

The carriers, hotels and other suppliers providing travel or other services on this Mobile Application are independent contractors and not agents or employees of the Trotter Travel Companies or the Trotter Travel Affiliates. The Trotter Travel Companies and the Trotter Travel Affiliates are not liable for the acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any such suppliers or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting there from. The Trotter Travel Companies and the Trotter Travel Affiliates have no liability and will make no refund in the event of any delay, cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond their direct control, and they have no responsibility for any additional expenses, omissions, delays, re-routing or acts of any government or authority.

In no event shall the Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates and/or their respective suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this Mobile Application or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this Mobile Application (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing on this Mobile Application; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products and services obtaining through this Mobile Application; or otherwise arising out of the access to, display of or use of this Mobile Application) whether based on a theory of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, consumer protection statutes, or otherwise, and even if the Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates and/or their respective suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

If, despite the limitation above, the Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates or their respective suppliers are found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or in any way connected with any of the occurrences described above, then the liability of the Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates and/or their respective suppliers will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the service fees you paid to Trotter Travel or the Trotter Travel Companies in connection with such transaction(s) on this Mobile Application, or (b) One-Hundred Dollars (US$100.00) or the equivalent in local currency.

The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms of Use is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these Terms of Use inure to the benefit of the Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates, and/or their respective suppliers.

Indemnification

You agree to defend and indemnify the Trotter Travel Companies, the Trotter Travel Affiliates, and/or their respective suppliers and any of their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of:

your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents referenced herein;
your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or
your use of this Mobile Application.
Links to Third-Party Sites

This Mobile Application may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than the Trotter Travel Companies. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other practices of such websites. Further, it is for you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from this Mobile Application or other websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.

Software Available on this Mobile Application

Any software that we make available to download from this Mobile Application ("Software") or through your mobile application store, is the copyrighted work of the Trotter Travel Companies and/or our respective suppliers. Your use of such Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies, or is included with, the Software ("License Agreement"). You may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you first agree to the License Agreement terms. For any Software made available for download on this Mobile Application not accompanied by a License Agreement, we hereby grant to you, the user, a limited, personal, non-exclusive, nontransferable license to download, install and use the Software and/or mobile application for viewing and otherwise using this Mobile Application and/or accessing the content and information available within the Mobile Application (including, without limitation, price and availability of travel services) in accordance with these Terms of Use and for no other purpose.

Please note that all Software, including, without limitation, all HTML code and Active X controls contained on this Mobile Application, is owned by the Trotter Travel Companies, and/or our respective suppliers, and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software is expressly prohibited, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

Your mobile device must be connected to the internet for the Mobile Application to function correctly. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for your device to have internet connectivity and are responsible for all sums your service provider may charge you arising out of the Mobile Application transmitting and receiving data (including but not limited to data roaming charges). As further described in our Privacy Policy, the Mobile Application will automatically transfer a small amount of data as part of its normal operation, including how you use the Mobile Application, which Content you access, and technical errors or problems which the Application may encounter while being used. By using the Mobile Application, you acknowledge, agree and consent to the automatic collection of this information.

Currency Converter

If a currency converter is available on this website, currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and should be used as guidelines only. Rates are not verified as accurate, and actual rates may vary. Currency quotes are not updated every day. You are advised to check the date on the currency converter feature for the day that currency was last updated. The information supplied by this application is believed to be accurate, but the Trotter Travel Companies, and/or our respective suppliers do not warrant or guarantee such accuracy. When using this information for any financial purpose, we advise you to consult a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of the currency rates. We do not authorize the use of this information for any purpose other than your personal use and you are expressly prohibited from the resale, redistribution, and use of this information for commercial purposes.

Payments and Fees

In the event that your payment is taken at the time of booking, the company taking that payment and charging your credit card will be Travel Partner Exchange or another member of the Trotter Travel Companies doing business as Trotter Travel, who takes such payment on behalf of the company providing the travel service or the travel service provider directly. Some bank and card companies charge their account holders a transaction fee when the card issuer and the merchant location (as defined by the card brand, e.g. Visa, MasterCard, American Express) are in different countries. The currency exchange rate, if applicable, and any transaction fee is determined solely by the bank or other agency processing the transaction. These fees may be applied by the card issuer as a charge to the cardholders account. When applied by the card issuer, the fees will be listed separately from the transaction amount on a credit or debit card statement. This means the amount listed on your credit or debit card statement may be a different figure than the figure shown on the billing summary page for a reservation booked on this Mobile Application. If you have any questions about these fees or any exchange rate applied to your booking, please contact your bank.

Account Termination

In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable law, Trotter Travel has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at Trotter Travel's sole discretion, subscribers or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Trotter Travel may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Mobile Application and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. If you believe that an account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer, please provide information sufficient for us to verify that the account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer when filing your notice.

Notice of Infringing Material

If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by us infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a written notice that includes the following information. Please note that we will not process your complaint if it is not properly filled out or is incomplete. Any misrepresentations in your notice regarding whether content or activity is infringing may expose you to liability for damages.

A clear identification of the copyrighted work you claim was infringed.
A clear identification of the material you claim is infringing is on the Mobile Application, such as a link to the infringing material.
Your address, email address and telephone number.
A statement that you have a "good faith belief that the material that is claimed as copyright infringement is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
A statement that "the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
A signature by the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You may send us your notice by email to trotter.travel.us@gmail.com or by using the contact information below.

Counter Notices

If material you have posted has been taken down, you may file a counter-notification by fax or regular mail that sets forth the items specified below. You may want to seek legal counsel prior to doing so. Please include the following details:

Identification of the specific content that was removed or disabled and the location where that content appeared on Trotter Travel’s Mobile Application. Please provide the URL address if possible.
Your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address.
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Trotter Travel may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the party who reported your content, or that party’s agent.
The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the content identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification.”
Sign the paper.

Send the written communication to the following address:

Trotter Travel LLC
Attn: Owner
33 Diverty Road, Unit 2
Pennington, NJ 08534

Patent Notices

One or more patents owned by the Trotter Travel Companies may apply to this Mobile Application and to the features and services accessible via the Mobile Application. Portions of this Mobile Application operate under license of one or more patents. Other patents pending.

General

These Terms of Use are governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and for reservations made by U.S. residents, the laws of the state in which your billing address is located, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Use of this Mobile Application is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, this paragraph.

Your use of mapping available on this Mobile Application is governed by the Google Terms of Use and Google Privacy Statement. Google reserves the right to change their Terms of Use and Privacy Statements at any time, at their sole discretion. Please click here for additional information:

http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html
http://www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_AUP.html
http://www.maps.google.com/help/legalnotices_maps.html
http://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, or employment relationship exists between you and the Trotter Travel Companies as a result of the Agreement or use of this Mobile Application.

Our performance of the Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in the Agreement limits our right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of this Mobile Application or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use.

If any part of the Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired. Our failure or delay in enforcing any provision of the Agreement at any time does not waive our right to enforce the same or any other provision(s) hereof in the future.

This Agreement (and any other terms and conditions referenced herein) constitutes the entire agreement between you and Trotter Travel with respect to this Mobile Application, our services and your dealings and relationships with us, and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and Trotter Travel with respect to this Mobile Application. A printed version of the Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial, arbitration or other administrative proceedings to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

Fictitious names of companies, products, people, characters, and/or data mentioned on this Mobile Application are not intended to represent any real individual, company, product, or event.

Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.